# Balanced Trees

**Problem Description**

Trees have many fascinating properties. While this is primarily true for trees in nature, the concept of trees in math and computer science is also interesting. A particular kind of tree, a perfectly balanced tree, is defined as follows.

Every perfectly balanced tree has a positive integer weight. A perfectly balanced tree of weight 1 always consists of a single node. Otherwise, if the weight of a perfectly balanced tree is *w* and *w ≥ 2*, then the tree consists of a root node with branches to k subtrees, such that *2 ≤ k ≤ w*. 

In this case, all *k* subtrees must be completely identical, and be perfectly balanced themselves.

In particular, all *k* subtrees must have the same weight. This common weight must be the maximum integer value such that the sum of the weights of all *k* subtrees does not exceed w, the weight of the overall tree. 

For example, if a perfectly balanced tree of weight 8 has 3 subtrees, then each subtree would have weight 2, since *2 + 2 + 2 = 6 ≤ 8*.

Given *N*, find the number of perfectly balanced trees with weight *N*.

**Input Specification**

The input will be a single line containing the integer *N (1 ≤ N ≤ 10<sup>9</sup>).*

**Output Specification**

Output a single integer, the number of perfectly balanced trees with weight *N*.

**Sample Input 1**
```
4
```
**Output for Sample Input 1**
```
3
```
**Explanation for Output for Sample Input 1**

One tree has a root with four subtrees of weight 1; a second tree has a root with two subtrees of weight 2; the third tree has a root with three subtrees of weight 1.

**Sample Input 2**
```
10
```
**Output for Sample Input 2**
```
13
```
