#  [Arithmetic Square](https://dmoj.ca/problem/ccc19s3)

**Problem Description**

You are given a *3 × 3* grid which contains integers.

Some of the 9 elements in the grid will have a value already, and the remaining elements will be
unspecified.

Your task is to determine values for the unspecified elements such that each row, when read from
left-to-right is an arithmetic sequence, and that each column, when read from the top-down, is an
arithmetic sequence.

Recall that an arithmetic sequence of length three is a sequence of integers of the form

*a, a + d, a + 2d*

for integer values of *a* and *d*. Note that *d* may be any integer, including zero or a negative integer.

**Input Specification**

The input will be 3 lines long. Each line will have three space-separated values. Each value will
either be an integer in the range from *−1 000 000* to *1 000 000*, inclusive, or the symbol *X*.

**Output Specification**

The output will be 3 lines long. Each line will have three space-separated integers. All integers
that were given in the input must be in their same position (i.e., same row and same column as in
the input). All rows and columns must form arithmetic sequences. All integers in the output must
be between *-1 000 000 000* and *1 000 000 000*, inclusive.
If there is more than one solution, output any solution. There is guaranteed to be at least one
solution.

**Sample Input 1**
```
8 9 10
16 X 20
24 X 30
```

**Output for Sample Input 1**
```
8 9 10
16 18 20
24 27 30
```

**Explanation of Output for Sample Input 1**

Notice that the second element of the second row must be *16 + t* and since *20 = 16 + 2t*, then
*t = 2*, and thus, this unspecified element must be *18*. A similar argument applies to the second
element of the third row.

**Sample Input 2**
```
14 X X
X X 18
X 16 X
```
**Possible Output for Sample Input 2**
```
14 20 26
18 18 18
22 16 10
```
**Explanation of Output for Sample Input 2**

This is one of many possible solutions. For example, another solution is:
```
14 16 18
14 16 18
14 16 18
```



