# [Problem S5: Triangle: The Data Structure](https://dmoj.ca/problem/ccc19s5)

### Problem Description

In a parallel universe, the most important data structure in computer science is the triangle. A triangle of size M consists of M rows, with the i-th row containing i elements. Furthermore, these rows must be arranged to form the shape of an equilateral triangular. That is, each row is centered around a vertical line of symmetry through the middle of the triangle. For example, the diagram below shows a triangle of size 4:

```
3
1 2
4 2 1
6 1 4 2
```

A triangle contains sub-triangles. For example, the triangle above contains ten sub-triangles of size 1, six sub-triangles of size 2 (two of which are the triangle containing (3, 1, 2) and the triangle containing (4, 6, 1)), three sub-triangles of size 3 (one of which contains (2, 2, 1, 1, 4, 2)). Note that every triangle is a sub-triangle of itself.

You are given a triangle of size N and must find the sum of the maximum elements of every sub-triangle of size K.

### Input Specification

The first line contains two space-separated integers N and K (1 ≤K ≤N ≤3000).

Following this are N lines describing the triangle. The i-th of these lines contains i space-separated integers ai,j (0 ≤ai,j ≤109), representing the i-th row of the triangle.

For 4 of the 15 available marks, N ≤1000.

### Output Specification

Output the integer sum of the maximum elements of every sub-triangle of size K.

**Sample Input**

```
4 2
3
1 2
4 2 1
6 1 4 2
```

**Output for Sample Input**

```
23
```
