# Convex Hull

**Problem Description**

You are travelling on a ship in an archipelago. The ship has a convex hull which is *K* centimetres thick. The archipelago has *N* islands, numbered from *1* to *N*. There are *M* sea routes amongst them, where the ith route runs directly between two different islands *a<sub>i</sub>* and *b<sub>i</sub>* *(1 ≤ a<sub>i</sub>, b<sub>i</sub> ≤ N)*,takes *t<sub>i</sub>* minutes to travel along in either direction, and has rocks that wear down the ship’s hull by *h<sub>i</sub>* centimetres. There may be multiple routes running between a pair of islands.

You would like to travel from island *A* to a different island *B* *(1 ≤ A, B ≤ N)* along a sequence of sea routes, such that your ship’s hull remains intact – in other words, such that the sum of the routes’ *h<sub>i</sub>* values is strictly less than *K*.

Additionally, you are in a hurry, so you would like to minimize the amount of time necessary to reach island *B* from island *A*. It may not be possible to reach island *B* from island *A*, however, either due to insufficient sea routes or the having the ship’s hull wear out.

**Input Specification**

The first line of input contains three integers *K*, *N* and *M* *(1 ≤ K ≤ 200, 2 ≤ N ≤ 2000, 1 ≤ M ≤ 10000)*, each separated by one space.

The next *M* lines each contain 4 integers *a<sub>i</sub>* *b<sub>i</sub>* *t<sub>i</sub>* and *h<sub>i</sub>* *(1 ≤ a<sub>i</sub>, b<sub>i</sub> ≤ N, 1 ≤ t<sub>i</sub> ≤ 105, 0 ≤ h<sub>i</sub> ≤ 200)*, each separated by one space. 

The *i* th line in this set of *M* lines describes the *i* th sea route (which runs from island *a<sub>i</sub>* to island *b<sub>i*
, takes *t<sub>i</sub>* minutes and wears down the ship’s hull by *h<sub>i</sub>* centimetres). Notice that *a<sub>i</sub> ≠ b<sub>i</sub>* (that is, the ends of a sea route are distinct islands).

The last line of input contains two integers *A* and *B* (*1 ≤ A*, *B ≤ N*; *A ≠ B*), the islands between
which we want to travel.


**Output Specification**

Output a single integer: the integer representing the minimal time required to travel from A to B
without wearing out the ship’s hull, or −1 to indicate that there is no way to travel from A to B
without wearing out the ship’s hull.

**Sample Input 1**

```
10 4 7
1 2 4 4
1 3 7 2
3 1 8 1
3 2 2 2
4 2 1 6
3 4 1 1
1 4 6 12
1 4
```

**Output for Sample Input 1**

7

**Explanation of Output for Sample Input 1**

The path of length 1 from 1 to 4 would wear out the hull of the ship. The three paths of length 2
([1, 2, 4] and [1, 3, 4] two different ways) take at least 8 minutes. 

The path [1, 2, 3, 4] takes 7 minutes
and only wears down the hull by 7 centimetres, whereas the path [1, 3, 2, 4] takes 13 minutes and
wears down the hull by 5 centimetres.


**Sample Input 2**

```
3 3 3
1 2 5 1
3 2 8 2
1 3 1 3
1 3
```


**Output for Sample Input 2**

-1

**Explanation of Output for Sample Input 2**

The direct path [1, 3] wears down the hull to 0, as does the path [1, 2, 3].