# Good Groups

**Problem Description**

A class has been divided into groups of three. This division into groups might violate two
types of constraints: some students must work together in the same group, and some students
must work in separate groups.

Your job is to determine how many of the constraints are violated.

**Input Specification**

The first line will contain an integer X with X ≥ 0. The next X lines will each consist of
two different names, separated by a single space. These two students must be in the same
group.

The next line will contain an integer Y with Y ≥ 0. The next Y lines will each consist of
two different names, separated by a single space. These two students must not be in the
same group.

Among these X + Y lines representing constraints, each possible pair of students appears at
most once.

The next line will contain an integer G with G ≥ 1. The last G lines will each consist of
three different names, separated by single spaces. These three students have been placed in
the same group.

Each name will consist of between 1 and 10 uppercase letters. No two students will have
the same name and each name appearing in a constraint will appear in exactly one of the G
groups.

**Output Specification**

Output an integer between 0 and X +Y which is the number of constraints that are violated

**Sample Input 1**
```
1
ELODIE CHI
0
2
DWAYNE BEN ANJALI
CHI FRANCOIS ELODIE
```

**Output for Sample Input 1**
```
0
```
**Explanation of Output for Sample Input 1**

There is only one constraint and it is not violated: ELODIE and CHI are in the same group.

**Sample Input 2**
```
3
A B
G L
J K
2
D F
D G
4
A C G
B D F
E H I
J K L
```
**Output for Sample Input 2**
```
3
```
**Explanation of Output for Sample Input 2**

The first constraint is that A and B must be in the same group. This is violated.

The second constraint is that G and L must be in the same group. This is violated.

The third constraint is that J and K must be in the same group. This is not violated.

The fourth constraint is that D and F must not be in the same group. This is violated.

The fifth constraint is that D and G must not be in the same group. This is not violated.

Of the five constraints, three are violated.
