# Lunch Concert

**Problem Description**

It’s lunchtime at your school! Your N friends are all standing on a long field, as they usually
do. The field can be represented as a number line, with the ith friend initially at position Pi
metres along it. The ith friend is able to walk in either direction along the field at a rate of
one metre per Wi seconds, and their hearing is good enough to be able to hear music up to
and including Di metres away from their position. Multiple students may occupy the same
positions on the field, both initially and after walking.

You’re going to hold a little concert at some position c metres along the field (where c is any
integer of your choice), and text all of your friends about it. Once you do, each of them will
walk along the field for the minimum amount of time such that they end up being able to
hear your concert (in other words, such that each friend i ends up within Di units of c).
You’d like to choose c such that you minimize the sum of all N of your friends’ walking
times. What is this minimum sum (in seconds)? Please note that the result might not fit
within a 32-bit integer.

**Input Specification**

The first line of input contains N. The next N lines contain three space-separated integers, P<sub>i</sub>, W<sub>i</sub>, and D<sub>i</sub> (1 ≤ i ≤ N).

**Output Specification**

Output one integer which is the minimum possible sum of walking times (in seconds) for all
N of your friends to be able to hear your concert.

**Sample Input 1**

```
1
0 1000 0
```
**Output for Sample Input 1**
```
0
```
**Explanation of Output for Sample Input 1**

If you choose c = 0, your single friend won’t need to walk at all to hear it.

**Sample Input 2**
```
2
10 4 3
20 4 2
```
**Output for Sample Input 2**
```
20
```
**Explanation of Output for Sample Input 2**

One possible optimal choice of c is 14, which would require your first friend to walk to
position 11 (taking 4 × 1 = 4 seconds) and your second friend to walk to position 16 (taking
4 × 4 = 16 seconds), for a total of 20 seconds.

**Sample Input 3**
```
3
6 8 3
1 4 1
14 5 2
```
**Output for Sample Input 3**
```
43
```